Add AGENTS.md and symlink CLAUDE.md to it (#507)
radarlabs/radar-sdk-android: AGENTS.md

# Radar SDK for Android — Agent Guide

This file orients AI coding agents (Claude Code, Cursor, Aider, etc.) working on this repo. `CLAUDE.md` is a symlink to this file — edit `AGENTS.md` only.

## Project

> Radar's Android SDK for geofencing, location tracking, trips, geocoding, beacons, and verification. Published as a library to Maven Central. Public docs: https://radar.io/documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Radar's Android SDK for geofencing, location tracking, trips, geocoding, beacons, and verification. Published as a library to Maven Central. Public docs: https://docs.radar.com/.
```

- **Models** — [sdk/src/main/java/io/radar/sdk/model/](sdk/src/main/java/io/radar/sdk/model/) — data classes (`RadarUser`, `RadarEvent`, `RadarGeofence`, `RadarTrip`, `RadarAddress`, `RadarBeacon`, etc.)

When adding a public API, surface it via `Radar.kt` and keep the implementation in the appropriate manager — `Radar.kt` should stay a thin facade.

## Testing

- Framework: Robolectric 4.x + JUnit 4 (via `androidx.test.ext:junit`)
- Primary test surface: [sdk/src/test/java/io/radar/sdk/RadarTest.kt](sdk/src/test/java/io/radar/sdk/RadarTest.kt)
- Per-manager tests: e.g. `RadarSyncManagerTest`, `RadarOfflineEventManagerTest`
- Test helpers live alongside tests:
  - `matchers/` — custom assertion matchers
  - `model/` — test-data builders
  - `util/` — shared test utilities (`RadarMockLocationProvider`, `RadarApiHelperMock`, `RadarTestUtils`)
- Style: spies + mocks against real Robolectric `Context`. Prefer extending existing helpers over introducing new mocking patterns.

## Code style

- Language: Kotlin (idiomatic / modern). Some legacy Java may exist; new code should be Kotlin.
- `compileSdk` 36, `minSdk` 16, Java 8 target — see [sdk/build.gradle](sdk/build.gradle).

> - Public API surface is documented via Dokka (HTML + Javadoc). Keep KDoc on public types/methods accurate.

Reviewer 2: we don't maintain docs.

don't know if it's something we should revive, but we're not doing it right now. 

All docs are in https://docs.radar.com/sdk/android across different sections
https://docs.radar.com/sdk/android#other-apis

Author: fair enough, good call
